fix(n-split): modified `default-size` panel not updated issue (#5527)
tusen-ai/naive-ui: src/split/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| min | `number` | `0` | The minimum threshold for splitting, 0-1 is a percentage. | 2.36.0 |
| max | `number` | `1` | The maximum split threshold, 0-1 is a percentage. | 2.36.0 |
| resize-trigger-size | `number` | `3` | Size of the resize trigger. | 2.36.0 |

> | watch-props | `Array<defaultSize>` | `undefined` | Default prop names that needed to be watched. Components will be updated after the prop is changed. Note: the `watch-props` itself is not reactive. | 2.36.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| watch-props | `Array<'defaultSize'>` | `undefined` | Default prop names that needed to be watched. Components will be updated after the prop is changed. Note: the `watch-props` itself is not reactive. | NEXT_VERSION |
```
